You mean to say there's another scientist
like you on the other side of the world,
and they revived on their own, too?
It's not as though I have a monopoly on science.
The whole world's been sharing the knowledge.
Anyone who's interested can read up.
So someone started from
a stone axe like you did
and made it all the way to a machine gun?
I don't think just being
interested can get you that far!
Although, until we make contact,
we're just guessing.
What we know currently
is that there's a scientist who appears
to have revived on their own.
That, and...
...that their science is just a teeny
bit more advanced than ours.
At least, when it comes to military equipment.
And most importantly, they're ready to off us.
Engine noise!
From behind us!
Are they after us?
No. I've been keeping a close eye out,
but I don't see anything
that looks like a boat.
We traveled this fast on this thing all night.
I doubt they could catch up to us that easily.
No...
This sound is...
You've got to be kidding me!
Senku!
What now?
Wanna try waving hi?
I'm pretty sure we should
be waving a white flag!
Maybe there's a chance we can
talk it over like friends.
With someone who opened fire
the instant they saw us?
I hate to say it,
but they wouldn't be flying so low
if they didn't intend to attack us!
I'm flooring it! Hang on, everyone!
Full speed ahead!
Incoming!
Ow!
It hurts!
it's just a scrape. I'll be fine.
Matsukaze!
Matsukaze got hurt protecting me!
Relax! It's not a serious injury.
Besides, you aren't even the one hurting.
Fall! Fall!
You're wasting ammo.
Do you really expect to hit it?
But there's no other option!
We have nowhere to run!
It flew in front of the sun!
They're dead-set on shooting us dead!
You never know when something
might come in handy, eh?
What's that flask for?
Hell if I know.
We can ask him later.
Kirisame!
We're counting on your throw!
What do you need to make it happen?
Stable footing and a rope!
It's coming again!
Wow.
You got my engine knocking in one shot.
I'm impressed.
We did it!
Yeah!
How, though?
That would be acetylene gas.
Harmless to the human body, but can stall
an engine at just 1% concentration.
Such an elegant countermeasure.
Ah, a pyro-whatsit weapon.
I might have learned about that.
Pyrophoric.
I wouldn't remember that.
Not after thousands of years of being a statue.
It can be made easily by mixing
water and calcium carbide.
Calcium carbide can be made by
cooking coal and sea shells...
Okay, got it.
You can stop there.
The enemy's got one.
One of those clever science guys.
One just like you.
They might come back with more men!
We should run away!
Hurry!
Run?
Like hell we will. We're doing the opposite.
There's something lewd about your eyes!
Those two are giving off that vibe again.
They're definitely thinking
up something naughty.
You saw where that plane crashed, didn't you?
We're headed there before they call for backup.
There's no one inside.
They must have fled already.
We could have intimidated them
into giving us information.
Well, that drop is ours, then.
Yup. Finders keepers.
Ah... So that's what you were getting at.
m 0 0 l 144 0 l 144 80 l 0 80
(Damaged)
Airplane
acquired!!
The righteous Kingdom of Science is more
than happy to take it off your hands!
We take enemy resources for ourselves!
Such fine tactics!
Your eyes aren't making it very compelling!
You just wanted that plane, didn't you?!
I mean, Senku-chan's face when
he saw that plane earlier...
I could hear his heart screaming.
He was saying it with his eyes.
"This is exhilarating," he said.
Yup.
I sure was.
Senku.
I found something rather fascinating on
this so-called "airplane" that we took.
This is fantastic!
Those would be corn kernels and leaves.
That's right...
The enemy sent a plane after us.
That means there has to be a relatively level,
open field nearby that would serve as a runway.
I see! A cornfield runway!
In theory, we should retreat
after an ambush.
But there's just too much to gain in pursuing
them, even if it means taking a risk.
Pursue? Who?
Isn't it obvious?
We're tracking down the enemy pilot.
If we can find ourselves a cornfield,
we can skip over years of prepping
the land and growing crops.
Don't forget why we're here.
We came all this way to find corn.
No, I mean, who's pursuing them?
Between me the explorer, Gen the mentalist,
and the eyes and bodyguard Kohaku,
we make an unstoppable pursuit trio!
And we'd be found by the enemy
if there were too many of us.
Yeah... I knew it.
I knew, but I asked anyway.
Is this really the right way?
There's no doubt, Chrome-chan.
Look here.
The enemy's footprints?!
Damn, Gen, you're good!
Man...
Do you really need a mentalist?
This pursuit is too easy.
Hang on, this isn't right.
I think he's luring us in.
The enemy's a pro.
What an asshole.
Do you really want to play
that game against a mentalist?
The poker game was super legit.
That's one thing I'm still bummed about.
Just a little.
I gotta redeem myself, you see.
Don't go even one step ahead of me,
Chrome-chan, Kohaku-chan.
Follow me, both of you.
I'll make a trail of flowers for you.
O-Okay.
H-Hello.
Is anyone there?
Who are you?!
Where did you come from?
I didn't notice you at all!
Yikes! No guns! Please!
Is this a pat-down?
I don't have any weapons on me!
You're right, no weapons.
But you've got all kinds of tricks on you.
Who are you?
A magician?
Something like that.
Uh-huh, I can tell from your body.
Only your fingers are well-built.
At the very least, you aren't a combatant.
Unlike your master samurai buddies.
I was hoping to end them
with a pre-emptive strike.
Anyway, I have a lot of questions for you.
You do, too, don't you?
Come meet my leader doctor.
We're here.
So this is the enemy base.
Here it is.
We found that cornfield, Senku-chan!
Tractors?!
Cows!
So they've even started dairy farming.
And there's that runway.
There has to be more than just that one plane.
But he'd never show me, would he?
H-Holy...
Not there.
What is this? A factory?
Yo, Xeno.
I knew I'd find you here.
Good news.
The New World has its first guest.
Just like Senku-chan.
No, not at all.
He's a grown-up.
He's seriously a professional...
scientist.
What is this?!
Some mystery chemicals?!
Quit freaking out.
It's just salt water.
Nice to meet you.
I don't believe I've introduced myself.
That man there, who has the peculiar
habit of inhaling poison gas, is...
Shut it.
It's tobacco.
Stanley Snider.
Former soldier.
Actually, current soldier.
Working for us.
I'm Doctor Xeno.
Who might you be?
Where did you come from?
Back off! Back off!
Why touch my neck?
My name is Asagiri Gen.
I used to be something of a magician in Japan.
Japan?
Hear that, Stanley?
How magnificent.
These gentlemen made the easterly
Columbus voyage in this stone world.
Is this what I think it is?
Breath...
Perspiration...
An EKG reading...
Polygraph test?
Is this a lie detector of some sort?
Do you really want to play
that game against a mentalist?
The Kingdom of Science...
They work us like hell!
The leader is especially brutal!
So I ran away!
Surprisingly unflinching.
He speaks elegantly and smoothly.
So it's all true? What a guy.
No.
He's either incredibly honest
or a very skilled liar.
Don't worry.
I like both kinds of people.
I'm gonna go ahead and work
undercover, Senku-chan.
Wanna acquire this whole thing?
The entire revival fluid factory...
The whole damn cornfield and all.
So all we need to do is to take
down this so-called science leader.
And this scientist's name?
Welp...
I think I'm totally screwed!
If I'm being honest, Senku-chan's
totally useless in battle.
Who's tough?
Who might offer to fight on our behalf?
The scientist's name...
is Taiju.
Dr. Taiju.
This is exhilarating!
Next Episode
This is a work of fiction, but the plants,
animals, and production methods described are based on reality.
Foraging and making things on your own accord is extremely dangerous
and, in some cases, illegal. Please do not imitate without expertise.